{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f247\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f248\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f249\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f250\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f251\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title The Rules of Dots}
{\author Kunal Johar}{\operator Kunal Johar}{\creatim\yr2000\mo9\dy1\hr20\min39}{\revtim\yr2000\mo9\dy1\hr20\min55}{\version8}{\edmins11}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords334}{\nofchars1909}{\*\company BootlegZ R Us}{\nofcharsws2344}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f27\fs36\ul How to Play Dots}{\f27\fs20 

\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1 Dots on the computer follows the same rules as Dots on a regular sheet of paper.
\par 
\par Try playing a 2 player local game first, enter a height and a width, press Start!
\par Then move your mouse between 2 dots, you will notice a line forms, click and for your turn you will create that line.  If 4 lines connect to make a box, you get to go again.  At the end of the game whoever has more boxes wins.
\par 
\par To play on the Internet, read below how to connect and host.  Then you can chat through the Multiplayer Chat Window.  The rest of the game goes as normal except now you can only make a line when it is your turn, when it isn\rquote t your turn you will get
 a Hand with the message NO! on it, this means it is the other players turn.
\par 
\par The Menu Items:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {File
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
\par New Local Game \endash  Resets the board, useful when playing an internet game, it disconnects and sets the game mode to local to play another person on your computer
\par 
\par Game Options \endash  Allows you to chose the background color and or use a background picture for the game board.  Note: To get back the paper use a picture and the path is your program files directory\\BootlegZ R Us\\Games\\Dots\\paper.gif, usually 

\par \'93c:\\program files\\bootlegz r us\\games\\Dots\\paper.gif\'94
\par 
\par Exit \endash  This leaves the game
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Multiplayer
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1 Connect \endash  This allows you to connect to another player over the internet who is currently hosting a game.  Type in their IP address in the slot and choose a nickname for yourself, then press connect.
\par 
\par Host \endash  This allows you to host an online game for others to connect to, tell people your IP address and choose a level size, who goes first, a nickname, then press Listen.  People can only connect to you while you are \'93Listening\'94, pressing th
e \'93Listening\'94 button will cause you to stop listening.
\par 
\par Go to Chat Server \endash  Connect to an internet chat server to find many people who are willing to host games for you to connect to.  You can also host games and have other people connect to them.  Go to the chat server and talk to people there, you may
 also get more help from them!
\par 
\par Show Multiplayer Chat Window \endash  If you are playing an online game in order to chat with your opponent, use this window, you can send messages to them that way.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Online Button
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 This button appears while you are in an online game
\par 
\par New Game \endash  Option is only available to the host, this allows you to create a new game, useful after one game ends and you want to start anther one.
\par 
\par Synchronize Game \endash  Makes sure that the games look exactly the same, this is incase you feel something fishy happened with the connection and the games do wrong things (ie a box comes out of nowhere)
 press this and it will go back to whatever the hosts game looks like.  In the game there is a built in autosync feature, this tries to resynchronize the games with out you realizing there is a problem.  This happens rarely but it does help.
\par 
\par Disconnect \endash  End your online game
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Help
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 The documents that you read now can be accessed via help.}{\f1\fs20 
\par }}